Add note about logs columns on facet attributes (#224)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog: website/docs/r/screenboard.html.markdown

- `manage_status_title_text` - (Optional, only for widgets of type "manage_status") The title of the widget.
- `manage_status_title_size` - (Optional, only for widgets of type "manage_status") The size of the widget's title.
- `manage_status_title_align` - (Optional, only for widgets of type "manage_status") The alignment of the widget's title. One of "left", "center", or "right".

> - `columns` - (Optional, only for widgets of type "log_stream") Stringified list of columns to use. Example: `"[\"column1\",\"column2\",\"column3\"]"` Note: when creating a column on a facet from an attribute (i.e. one with `@`), prefix the attribute name with `log_` instead of `@`. For example `@http.status_code` would become `log_http.status_code` in your terraform config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `columns` - (Optional, only for widgets of type "log_stream") Stringified list of columns to use. Example: `"[\"column1\",\"column2\",\"column3\"]"` **Note**: When creating a column on a facet from an attribute prefixed with `@`, change the prefix to `log_`. For example `@http.status_code` would become `log_http.status_code` in your terraform config.
```
